DOCS-7696 - docker AD updates (#23630)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/containers/docker/integrations.md

  text: "Assign tags to all data emitted by a container"
---

> This page covers how to install and configure integrations for your Docker infrastructure by using a Datadog feature known as _Autodiscovery_. This enables you to use [variables][1] like `%%host%%` to dynamically populate your configuration settings. For a detailed explanation of how Autodiscovery works, see [Getting Started with Containers: Autodiscovery][2]. For advanced Autodiscovery options, such as excluding certain containers from Autodiscovery or tolerating unready pods, see [Autodiscovery Management][3].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This page covers how to install and configure integrations for your Docker infrastructure by using a Datadog feature known as _Autodiscovery_. Autodiscovery enables you to use [variables][1] like `%%host%%` to dynamically populate your configuration settings. 

For a detailed explanation of how Autodiscovery works, see [Getting Started with Containers: Autodiscovery][2]. For advanced Autodiscovery options, such as excluding certain containers from Autodiscovery or tolerating unready pods, see [Autodiscovery Management][3].
```

Reviewer: just breaking up the big paragraph into two smaller ones for readability.

If you are using Kubernetes, see [Kubernetes and Integrations][4].

<div class="alert alert-info">

> Some Datadog integrations don't work with Autodiscovery because they require either process tree data or filesystem access: <a href="/integrations/ceph">Ceph</a>, <a href="/integrations/varnish">Varnish</a>, <a href="/integrations/postfix">Postfix</a>, <a href="/integrations/cassandra/#agent-check-cassandra-nodetool">Cassandra Nodetool</a>, and <a href="/integrations/gunicorn">Gunicorn</a>.<br/><br/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following Datadog integrations don't work with Autodiscovery because they require either process tree data or filesystem access: <a href="/integrations/ceph">Ceph</a>, <a href="/integrations/varnish">Varnish</a>, <a href="/integrations/postfix">Postfix</a>, <a href="/integrations/cassandra/#agent-check-cassandra-nodetool">Cassandra Nodetool</a>, and <a href="/integrations/gunicorn">Gunicorn</a>.<br/><br/>
```
